doc: add a section about modem traces in the nRF91 user guide (#8384)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf91_features.rst

The Modem library integration layer fulfills the integration requirements of the Modem library in |NCS|.
For more information on the integration, see :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`.

Modem trace
-----------

The modem traces of the nRF9160 modem can be captured using the nRF Connect Trace Collector.
For more information on how to collect traces using nRF Connect Trace Collector, see the `Trace Collector`_ documentation.

> When :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE` Kconfig option is enabled, the modem traces are enabled in the modem and are forwarded to the :ref:`modem_trace_module`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE` Kconfig option is enabled, the modem traces are enabled in the modem and are forwarded to the :ref:`modem_trace_module`.
```

.. note::

>    For :ref:`serial_lte_modem` and :ref:`at_client_sample`, you must also run ``AT%xmodemtrace=1,2`` to manually activate the predefined trace set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For the :ref:`serial_lte_modem` application and the :ref:`at_client_sample` sample, you must also run ``AT%xmodemtrace=1,2`` to manually activate the predefined trace set.
```

> You can set the trace level using the AT command ``%XMODEMTRACE``. See `modem trace AT command documentation`_ for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the trace level using the AT command ``%XMODEMTRACE``.
See the `Modem trace AT command documentation`_ for more information.
```

The Modem library integration layer fulfills the integration requirements of the Modem library in |NCS|.
For more information on the integration, see :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`.

.. _modem_trace:

Modem trace
-----------

The modem traces of the nRF9160 modem can be captured using the nRF Connect Trace Collector.
For more information on how to collect traces using nRF Connect Trace Collector, see the `Trace Collector`_ documentation.
When the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE` Kconfig option is enabled, the modem traces are enabled in the modem and are forwarded to the :ref:`modem_trace_module`.

.. note::
   For the :ref:`serial_lte_modem` application and the :ref:`at_client_sample` sample, you must also run ``AT%xmodemtrace=1,2`` to manually activate the predefined trace set.

You can set the trace level using the AT command ``%XMODEMTRACE``.
See `modem trace AT command documentation`_ for more information.

> You can add custom trace backends if the existing trace backends are not sufficient.

Reviewer 2: Two sentences starting with «You». Perhaps rephrase?

```suggestion
If the existing trace backends are not sufficient, it's possible to implement custom trace backends.
```

> The custom modem traces store the traces on an external flash.

Reviewer 3: Yes, this needs to be changed

> The custom modem traces store the traces on an external flash.

Reviewer 3: I would point to the existing sample that shows how to implement a backend

> The custom modem traces store the traces on an external flash.

Author: We have the mention about the sample in the lib docs ([adding_custom_modem_trace_backends](http://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib.html#adding-custom-trace-backends)), which we are pointing from this documentation. That is the reason of not explicitly pointing to the sample docs.

> The modem traces can be stored, flashed, and uploaded to the cloud for analysis whenever required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A common scenario for custom modem traces is to store the traces on an external flash. They can then be uploaded to the cloud for remote analysis when needed.
```

Author: I have rephrased the sentence. Please check.

> For more information on the implementation of a custom trace backends, see :ref:`adding custom trace backends <adding_custom_modem_trace_backends>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the implementation of a custom trace backends, see :ref:`adding_custom_modem_trace_backends`.
```

> For more information on the implementation of a custom trace backends, see :ref:`adding custom trace backends <adding_custom_modem_trace_backends>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on the implementation of a custom trace backend, see :ref:`adding custom trace backends <adding_custom_modem_trace_backends>`.
```

> You can also add a user-defined modem trace backend to an application using the :ref:`modem_trace_backend_sample` sample.

Reviewer 2: The «Adding custom modem trace backends» mentions and links to the sample, so I don't think it's necessary to mention it here in addition to what's already said.
```suggestion
```
